Business

Retirement villages
Promote minority owned buisinesses

Things you buy
Where you keep your monewhere you work
Where you pay taxes
Where you house is

Erp soft expensefy
Ovie
Photo the meal - ai to see what it was can note what was in it. Estimate calories etc
Log days you skin was bad
Log confounding factors -> From calendar: exems diary events arguments etc
Photo of face to compare day to day
What make up they use
Make up reccomendations
Medications + dosages and days taken.

Art concept for nftl
Global flows, PP, bizsoft, nft
PP for food, services, crafts, etc clothes, 
- no stores just direct from suppliers warehouses, 
- one main warehouse with conveyor around pre-fill dry goods, on arrival start filling perishable then fridge then cold, have boxes which  can be returned
Make up
Makeup bar, Bar, Cafe, restaurant, bakery, dairy, takeaways, thai, sushi
Money, influence, 
Decisions which hurt a country+help america+help corpos
Right wing allies

Display headline of many publications about a story - give sentiment analysis

Ppl places, prod, com, gov, phil, events
Connections (member submitted) approved or not approved

Flow of plata and power, pussy

Calendar - foodstuffs, dairies, 
Order for future - get dairies to be delivered to. Can rely on stock not going off.
- ig, tt, tw, red, yt, fb, foodstuffs, dairies, 
Globalflows
PP

News but what can you do with it
- * make stuff happen / invest join a group / vote petition *

Invisilign



Mystory - web showing videos and their connections and lots of peoples videos of a particular place and reccomendations of ofther videos of that place of another place and multi view seeing many vids of the same instant or event
- coukd be like mystery allow like action games and riddles and puzzles quests - make the internet inter active - app - Pokémon go replacement
- must go to a location at a particular time to be able to watch video - video mystery to solve the time,
block dangerous locations

Game solving mystery, london fire, bank heist, train heist people getting on and off, obejective transporting stuff for war effort

Risk to nz as regional production centres become the norm and china doesnt care about us anymore


Architect - get life underway and have baller ass life and raise baller ass shorties
Data journalism - proud of and notable - can dress up


Fix drive way block x4

So we followed each other on instagram, but in reality I am not winning anyone over with that mud content so dont worry... If you see me start adding some shirtless beach photos then you know its real.

One of the things I valued with us is our openness and our trust of each other. So I promise you I would never lie about anything or keep anything important from you. I have talked to girls and thought that I should practice flirting again but my  heart is not truly in it, there is noone in my heart but you and benson has eyes for no one but you.
I dont know if I could even go through with a physical relationship with anyone given how I feel about you. I want you to be honest with me how you feel about things when you were seeing someone else.
Whatever you take from this, my letter still tells you how I feel and all I want is to make 6 to say 16 million and travel around with you and raise our cute tall biracial babies.


There are a bunch of trip like to the islands and tauranga i want to do

My Dearest Sara,
Went to briskoes to get dryrack and organiser boxes and then came home and made salad felt so much like welly, own shopping route past parliament 
I dont like the seening... it feels wrong we are not like this Im sorry I did those 2 days, it was partly due to bronwyn and partly my own indecision as what to say.
Do you think this is good for us?
I wish you the very best in your endeavors toward becoming a true ball-busting corpo. Maybe soon when you say to yourself who cares? the answer will no longer be you, bitch 🥺 but... instead not me, bitch! 😎 #icatchflightsnotfeelings In reality though, like I said you are already a strong git-er-done girl. I think MC saw you as too aloof and companies want thirsty bitches, its its meant to be you will get another opportunity they will appreciate you breadth of experience. I know you know this, but, one rejection does not mean you need to change your life trajectory. I love that you do care about how you effect people and how you effect the world. I am certain you can crush it as a corpo while still remaining a humanitarian  gleefully defending weapons manufacturers and fraudsters as vendetta may not feel that rewarding 😉
- tell her about me saying nick never had a partner

Grad
Climbing
Skiing trips
Ive got good timing and I always have time for you.
Together we could build a tinyhouse  of its long term or a ⅞qqq truck if its casual

Are you happy woth me still?
Do you blame me?
Do you still love me and want to be with me?


Finish work
Watch arif lecture
Hair cut
Write
Workout
Buy jewellery

Im just a boy making a a gesture to the girl he loves ❤ 
I would say my 1 in a million joony but that would mean there are 8000 of you  thats not possible so maybe 1 in a billion so there is only 8 of you but there is only 1 joony for me.
And the mountains echoed
I liked the time apart to see what its like but I realise I dont like being by myself anymore. I know you need to prove you can but if you dont like it there is nothing wrong with wanting to be with someone

I know we had a stagnant period but i think it was me ma came i was away then you had exams I was getting stressed about money and work

I want you to know that I want to be with you not just because you are beautiful, not just because you are funny, but because the vibes say so...


I should listen to what a girl says makes her happy eg. gifts, be forward about what you want in your relationship, eg kids, tell the girl what you want, eg stockings 

Py data
Power bi
Visual display of quantitative data


Is what you want to let go as if to move forward
I think what we build together could be even greater

I have my own dreams etc

Kayaking, climbing, walking, hiking, biking, road trips, 

Make apps
Calendar
Nft
Pp
Bzsft
Gf
News


React native - mobile course
Design app
Frontend
App mode
Node
Backend
DB
Infrastructure


Water boarded by information
No reflection time
Just constant garbage sound bites
Modernism vs post modernism



Create our own definitions of liberal and conservative.
Consolidates bigotry - contradiction on muslims 
Parents - ) freinds -) internet
Diminishing the power of the individual

Aws
Kubernetes
Firebase
Pocketbase
Sql
Js
Py

Emojis for food each day
Parsing list of food purchased to add to pantry


Retirement villages
Minority owned businesses
- what do migrants do differently


-